We've come to the end of lesson two.
It's been a long lesson,
but we have covered all of the major concepts in Webpack.
We've talked about the Entry point and how it
influences the dependency tree that Webpack creates for us.
We've talked about Output,
and how we can edit and change the distribution folder and
where it is and what the distribution folder really does for us.
We've talked about loaders and plugins and the differences
between them and the things that they allow us to do with Webpack.
We've talked about Mode and how we can set
the production and development configurations
with Webpack that make life so much easier for us as front end developers.
We've talked about some tools to make Webpack convenient.
There are a lot more out there but I think we've touched on some of
the major ones that will really save you some time when you're building your apps.
Now, that's been a lot of configuration and it has a tendency to be a little bit tedious.
But, in this next section we finally get to put our hands on some code and start building
web pages as we tackle SASS with
Webpack and some of the other technologies that would pack allows us to use.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6